Doctor Mom
Give this Jiutian Yuxian Pill to grandma to eat
It will be turned around soon
Jiutian Yuxian good night
That's the best medicine in the world
Even terminal diseases can be cured immediately
It can also wash the essence of the hair.
Longer life?
That's great.
Now the old lady has been saved for a long time
Wait a minute.
I heard that Jiutian Yuexian Pill is very precious.
Even many kings can't ask for it
Hmph, he's such a punk
How could there be such a rare treasure?
fake
Maybe there's something in this broken box
In case it is poisonous
What should I do if I hurt my grandmother?
It can't be fake.
Come on
If this is true
I, Zhao Changyun, kneel and kowtow to you on the spot
Let me see it.
It's true.
I sing softly for half my life and never admit my mistake
Hurry up and give Madam Zhao medicine
That won't work either.
It's not about the old lady's life
I'll tell you what.
How can you die alone?
Those who stop me die
Little black chicken, you are so bold
The old lady has to have three long and two short
I want you to be buried with me
Nan Nan Nan
Nan, you're awake